docs for default shards (#1291)
pg-sharding/spqr: docs/features/sharding.mdx

```sql
-- But if you want to explicitly pass sharding key, you can do it like this
INSERT INTO test(id, age) VALUES (10, 16) /*__spqr__sharding_key: 30*/;
```

> You can set [default shard](/sharding/default_shard) for distribution. If a default shard exists router routs the query to the default shard for existing route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set a [default shard](/sharding/default_shard) for distribution. If there is a default shard, the router routes the query to that shard for an existing route.
```
